---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "config-v1alpha1_configlet_list Data Source - config-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# config-v1alpha1_configlet_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) Configlet is a configuration snippet that can be applied to a set of targets.
The path on the target is provided in jspath notation, and the configuration is provided as a JSON string.
Configlets can be applied to a set of targets based on a label selector, a list of targets, or a combination of both. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) Deployment status of this Configlet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `configs` (Attributes List) Configurations to apply, being sets of paths, operations and JSON configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--configs))
- `endpoint_selector` (List of String) Label selector to use to match targets to deploy Configlet to.
- `endpoints` (List of String) Reference to targets to deploy Configlet to.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating system to match against when selecting targets.
- `priority` (Number) Priority of this Configlet, between -100 and 100. Higher priorities overwrite lower priorities in the event of conflicts.
- `version` (String) Version to match against when selecting targets.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.configs`

Optional:

- `config` (String) JSON-formatted string representing the configuration to apply.
- `operation` (String) Indicates the operation in which to apply the configuration.
- `path` (String) Path to apply the configuration in jspath notation, including any keys if relevant, e.g. .system.information.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `endpoints` (List of String) List of targets this configlet has been applied to.
